Rename MLLP.DefaultDispatcher to MLLP.EchoDispatcher (#21)
HCA-Healthcare/elixir-mllp: README.md

Alternatively, you could start a Sender using a DNS name rather than an IP address.
```

> {:ok, s1} = MLLP.Sender.start_link("localhost", port: 4090, MLLP.EchoDispatcher)

Reviewer: We don't need dispatched on `Sender.start_link`

Reviewer: Also the port stays as parameter on Sender

Author: Good catch.

 }}
```

> The Logger debug part tells us that the Receiver received the HL7 message. The Logger error part says we haven't set a Dispatcher and the message will not be routed anywhere other than to the console log. Finally, the return value (`{:error,  :application_reject, ...}`) is a NACK. The EchoDispatcher will not reply with an `:application_accept`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Logger `[debug]` part tells us that the Receiver received the HL7 message. The Logger `[info]` part explains that the EchoDispatcher does not route the message anywhere (just "logs and discards" messages). Finally, the return value (`{:error,  :application_reject, ...}`) is a NACK. The EchoDispatcher will not reply with an `:application_accept`.
```

 MLLP.Receiver.stop(4090)
```

### Writing a message dispatcher

> MLLP does not ship with a default message dispatcher as the cases can vary signficantly from domain to domain. Instead,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MLLP does not ship with a default message dispatcher as the cases can vary significantly from domain to domain. Instead,
```
